Previously on The Summer
I Turned Pretty...
I want you to want me.
I do want you.
I wasn't in Cousins.
You know. I was
just a distraction
to keep you busy
while you waited
for Conrad.
Conrad and I weren't together.
If you won't say it. I will.
That we're over?
And Susannah was dead.
It doesn't feel the same
as last summer.
Jer. we're gonna
lose this house.
Now Aunt Julia owns
the whole thing.
Susannah's sister?
I get to choose what
happens to this house
and I choose to put
it on the market.
The house is the last
thing tying us together.
I'll never get Susannah back. but I
can't let Jeremiah and Conrad go. too.
Please just let Belly
handle this by herself.
She feels so shitty about how
things are with the boys right now.
She knows she screwed up.
I'm going to Cousins.
Well. I'm-I'm coming with you.
Surprise!
It's different than if
Susannah was still here.
But I think she'd approve.
This feels pretty magical to me.
Oh!
Are you ever gonna give
me a second chance?
I-I don't think I can take it if
you change your mind like last time.
There is
nothing left between
me and Conrad.
There'll always be something
between you and Conrad.
Why? Why did you
throw it all away?!
I thought that we
loved each other.
We did.
You can't let them
lose this house. Adam.
Do this one last thing for her.
Okay. then.
Thanks. Dad.
Yeah. this house has seen
its fair share of make-outs.
I like you. Even when you
were just my little sister's
annoying best friend.
I don't want to get between
you guys anymore. so...
we're friends.
So I release you.
Conrad Fisher.
I evict you from my heart.
Jeremiah.
I want you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I used to wait all
year for summer.
The magical months
between June and August.
But that year.
I had something to look
forward to in the fall.
College.
You nervous. bean?
No.
-Why? Should I be?
-Definitely.
Not helpful. Steven.
Well. I'm nervous.
Why would you say that. Dad?
♪ Oh. my life ♪
♪ is changing every day ♪
♪ in every possible way ♪
♪ And. oh. my dreams ♪
♪ it's never quite as it seems ♪
♪ never quite as it seems ♪
Okay.
Hold on.
♪ I know I felt
like this before...
Taylor!
Call me.
My mom always said she found
her soulmate in college.
But I was lucky.
because I'd already found mine.
-Hey!
-Hi!
It felt like it had
always been this way.
I told everyone that I applied to
Finch because it was a good school.
It had all the things I
wanted. And that was true.
But truest of all was that I
just wanted to be near him.
I wanted him for all seasons.
not just summer.
I missed you so much.
I missed you more.
You guys saw each
other last week.
Hey. man.
Hey. Laur!
Hey. Mr. Conklin.
-Hi. Jere.
-Hi!
-How was the drive?
-It was good.
Lucinda! Hey!
You look so good!
Aw. Steven!
Sweetie. I miss you!
Don't be a stranger!
I won't. I promise.
Mwah.
Tay-Tay!
♪ And now I tell you openly ♪
♪ you have my heart...
-Can you take these?
-Yeah.
Cool.
All right. we're burning
daylight. people.
Okay.
He seems surprisingly good.
Yeah. well. I heard him crying through
the walls the other night. so...
not so good?
I give it a week before
they're back together.
Oh. Mr. Conklin.
you need help?
Yes. please.
♪ Oh. my life...
-Sorry. Sorry.
-I'm so sorry.
♪ Every day. in every...
-Steven.
-Mm.
Stop.
Boom.
Fixed it for you.
-You dick.
-Ow.
Oh! Nice!
You beat your roommate here?
Oh. that means
superior bed is yours.
-Oh.
-You got it?
Yeah. Almost there. Come on.
There we go.
I'm still surprised you're
not rooming with Taylor.
Yeah. why. so she can
suck out her soul?
Well. we figured that this way
we'd force ourselves to...
find our own lives.
our own people. you know?
It was very mature of you girls.
I'm proud of you.
-Thanks.
-Kids are all grown up.
Oh. my... Dad.
why-why are you s...
-You don't have to say that...
-- Okay. come on. Steven.
-Let's go get the next load. Come on.
-No.
Yeah. we got it. Come on.
Use those muscles.
Mr. Conklin. you can totally stay
if you want. Like. no worries.
-I'm fine. Jeremiah.
-Yeah. No. no worries.
Don't hurt yourself.
So. is it gonna be weird.
-being home all alone now?
-Oh. God.
Probably.
Maybe I should get really
into true crime podcasts.
Mom. no.
I mean. can you find.
like. an actual hobby?
Or make a new friend?
You make it sound
like I have no life.
Yeah. That's
because you don't.
That's why you're always
in all of our business.
Speaking of.
I was FaceTiming with Conrad
and a girl stopped by.
Wait. was her name Agnes?
I don't know.
But it seems like he's
doing really well out there.
Yeah. I guess so.
Oh. I have something for you.
Oh. my God.
-Is this from...
-Freshman year.
College is where Beck
and I found each other.
But it's also where
we found ourselves.
That's what I want for you.
Yeah. yeah. I want that. too.
Okay.
Here you go.
You know I love Jere so much.
-but I have to say this.
-Mom.
Please don't limit yourself.
Part of the thrill of college
is meeting new people.
trying new things.
Just let yourself
have this experience.
Give yourself the chance to...
discover all the possible
versions of you. Okay?
Okay. I will.
I promise.
Mm.
-Love you.
-I love you. too.
♪ With open. open.
open. open arms...
Now here we are.
three years later.
We've known each
other our whole lives.
and in some ways. it still
feels like a big surprise.
And in other ways.
it feels inevitable.
♪ You keep me open...
My boyfriend.
My Jeremiah.
More and more. I understand.
This is the way
it's supposed to be.
He's the one.
My one.
What are you thinking?
That I don't want to
put my clothes back on
-and go to my FitPsych lecture.
-Mm.
I just am not ready
for this year to end.
Since when does Belly Conklin
not look forward to summer?
Since you're
graduating. I mean...
Pretty soon. we're not gonna
get to do this anymore.
♪ Consequences. repercussions.
karma keep on changing me ♪
♪ For you I try...
We are gonna do this for
the rest of our lives.
Yeah.
You know what I mean.
It's just gonna be weird being
here without you next year.
You're never gonna
be without me.
Boston is only an
hour away from Finch.
And before that. we get the
whole summer in Cousins together.
Yeah.
You still sure you wouldn't rather
take that internship with your dad?
Hmm.
Spend the summer doing boring-ass
financial shit with my dad?
Or with my favorite person?
In our favorite place?
Yeah. I'm good.
Okay.
No. no. no. no.
Five more minutes.
Wait. hold on.
Oh. shit. it's my mom.
-Where's my shirt?
-I don't know.
Hey. Mom!
Hey. bean. Is Jeremiah there?
-Uh...
Hey. Laur.
Hey. Jere.
Have you and Conrad started your
speech for the dedication ceremony?
Uh. not exactly.
Jeremiah.
half of Cousins is coming to
see Susannah's memorial garden.
I know. but Conrad...
...has been. uh. busy.
I see.
All right.
I will twist his arm.
Gently. of course.
-Thank you.
-Okay.
Yeah. Mom. I got to go to class.
Okay. Love you both.
-Bye.
-Love you. Bye!
I'll walk you.
Plus. I got to go get
my cap and gown. so...
Okay. Then hurry.
You're not making me
late to class again.
Um. from what I recall.
you were the one who texted
me to come over and...
take care of business.
Okay. And business has
been taken care of.
-Mmm.
-So let's go. buddy.
"Buddy"? Oh. I'll
show you buddy.
♪ Can't stop. addicted
to the shindig ♪
-♪ Chop Top. he says I'm gonna win big...
-Oh. hey. Conrad.
Game this Sunday.
We need our QB.
Just text me. Yeah.
♪ Distant cousin to
the reservation ♪
♪ Defunct. the pistol
that you pay for ♪
♪ This punk. the feeling
that you stay for ♪
♪ In time. I want to
be your best friend ♪
♪ East Side love is
living on the West End ♪
♪ Knocked out. but. boy.
you better come to...
-Hey. Come on in.
-Thank you.
Remind me. how long has it been
since you've been back there?
A while.
Um...
Part of me thinks it's better
if I just don't go back.
That's normal.
You probably feel a lot of pressure
for everything to go perfectly.
I mean. yeah.
Of course.
But I know...
I can't control that.
And. yeah. there's all
the shit with my dad.
but me and Jere have been solid.
So it's not... it's not that.
Okay. then what is it?
I don't know.
Let's try something.
Instead of focusing on everything
that could go wrong when you go back.
let's try
walking through a version of the
day where everything goes right.
Okay.
All right. so...
Take a deep breath.
Now. tell me about the best
possible version of this day.
Uh...
Everyone...
gets along and...
Yeah. I don't know.
That's okay. That's all right.
Um. let's just take
it one step at a time.
All right. you fly into Boston.
-What happens next?
-My flight lands on time.
Yeah.
-No delays.
-Mm.
And no traffic.
I'm...
sailing down the
highway. record time.
I...
see the "Entering Cousins Beach"
sign. and it feels like home.
And I...
...pull into the parking
lot and everyone's there.
That's good.
Keep going.
Jere and I give our
speech. and we...
say exactly the right
thing to honor our mom.
Um...
And what do you see?
The whole town's there.
Everyone who loved my mom.
Even Dad looks proud.
Laurel's doing that thing where she
smiles and cries at the same time.
Steven's next to her looking
at us like. "You got this."
And... next to him...
...there's...
just a lot of people
who loved my mom.
-That's it?
-Yeah.
That's the day.
-Hey. Belly.
-Hey.
You still miss it. huh?
No.
I mean. every once in a
while. I think. "What if I...
hadn't jumped for that ball
and messed up my knee?"
It's weird how
one choice can end up
shaping your whole future.
Well. without it. you wouldn't
have found sports psychology.
I think I would've.
Just would've taken me
longer to get there.
Yo. Belly. Jere. What up. baby?
Hey.
'Sup. girl?
-Hey. Redbird.
-How you doing?
-Hey. are you ready for tomorrow?
-Oh. yeah.
Dude. we have to crush those
Delts at Finals Freakout.
-We're going to crush them.
-Crush them.
-We have to crush them.
Dude. come play with us.
I-I'm sorry. man. I'm gonna
go grab my cap and gown.
Okay. All right. Later.
-Hey. see you. man.
-Yeah.
-Bye. girl. See you. You look great.
-Bye.
Hey. after tomorrow. you
can. uh. stop pretending
-you don't hate my frat.
-Oh. God. I can't wait.
I'm kidding. I don't hate
your frat... that much.
Um. meet you at the dining hall?
I can't. I'm studying
with Taylor and Anika.
But I'll come over
after. I promise.
Okay.
-Bye.
-Bye. Bells.
Conklin. set up a call with the
founding partners at Paisley.
Why?
Their earnings are trash.
You see their burn rate?
Right. Remind me.
which one of us
is a senior associate and which
one is a glorified intern?
Okay. I have been here
six months. Denise. so...
Mm-hmm. Yes. I know.
And you graduated early
with honors from Princeton.
Please just tell me all about it again.
as if I don't have actual work to do.
Good call on the Nectar
analysis. Steven.
Uh. yeah. Yeah. thank you.
I mean. you know. it's
an interesting position.
minimal exposure.
but it's early.
Couldn't agree more. Nice work.
Keep it up. People are noticing.
Well done pretending like you
actually give a shit about this job.
-I do give a shit.
-Yeah. but you don't love it.
Okay. who loves their job?
I do.
Okay. and I think you have an
unhealthy relationship with work.
-Okay.
-Come on. a job's a job.
You know. sentiment
does not apply.
Oh. it's really a shame.
Today's youth lack passion.
Oh. today's y... You are.
like. two years older than me.
Three. and you report to me.
Coming to happy hour tonight?
Ooh... Let me see.
brown liquor with finance bros?
-I mean. it sounds tempting.
-Hmm.
But. uh. I've got some
preexisting commitments.
Mm.
Passion. Conklin.
It'll serve you well.
[♪ V sings "FRI ♪ Friends ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
Yes. Right there.
♪ You're in my head...
Can't you pay
someone to do this?
You love my feet. sicko.
No. what I love...
♪ Back here again...
...is your belly button.
Stop trying to smell
my belly button.
I'm sorry. I can't help it.
♪ Forever. and you were there
on my lonely nights. yeah ♪
♪ keeping me together ♪
♪ So wouldn't it make
sense if I was yours ♪
♪ and you could
call me your baby? ♪
♪ But we say we're
just. say we're just ♪
♪ friends just for now ♪
♪ Yeah. but friends don't say words
that make friends feel like more...
Fuck.
Taylor.
Is that my sister?
Oh. shit. shit. shit. shit.
shit. shit. shit. shit.
♪ So let's put the
end in friends ♪
Hi. What's up?
Are you early? I feel like
you're a little early.
Mm. no. I'm on time.
Do you still want to study with
me and Anika. or are you...
too busy?
No. I just...
Woke up from a nap. Um...
Let me just get dressed. and
I'll meet you in the library.
Okay. I mean. you know I'm not gonna
rat you out for having your boyfriend
-in your room. right?
-What?
He's not in here.
Uh...
Just-just tell Davis that I'm glad he
finally ditched the gray sweatpants
because they leave too
little to the imagination.
Those aren't Davis's.
They're mine.
Menswear is in.
Sure. Yeah. Okay.
Um. I'll see you in the library.
Bye. Davis.
Where is pretty
boy. anyway. huh?
Uniqlo having a sale on joggers?
I mean. come on. Tay.
It's Friday night. I guess
you guys aren't that serious.
Yeah. no. he wants to spend
the summer in New York
because I'll be there for my internship
and he can't stand being away from me.
-but sure.
-Mm-hmm.
-Not serious.
-No. sure. sure.
I mean. the guy can't even be
bothered to wear pants with a zipper.
but. uh. no. I'm sure he'll
figure out summer in New York.
Right. no. If you. if you.
uh. if you say so. Tay.
Stop pretending to be jealous.
I'm not.
You're not pretending
or you're not jealous?
Both.
Uh. neither.
I don't. I don't...
You are confusing me.
-I'm confusing you?
-Mm-hmm. You are.
Why?
Do you want me to be jealous?
No.
I want you just like this.
No drama.
No strings.
That's the only way
that this works.
Okay. I have to study.
What?
Nothing.
I can. like. feel
you looking at me.
Just thinking.
Oh. my God.
-What?
I got off the wait
list for study-abroad.
Shut up. For real?
Yeah. it says someone
dropped out. so I guess...
Oh. my God. Belly. fall
semester in Paris? Hell yeah.
I mean. I don't know. I kind of got
used to the idea of staying here.
Like. I already registered
for classes and...
you know. we were gonna get
that apartment together.
B. don't even worry about it.
I'll go in on the Pine Street
place with Shani and Rachel.
Yeah. but I mean. then I'm. you know.
gonna miss all the senior year stuff. too.
Oh. my God. Who cares about
the senior year stuff?
You can do that
with Jere this week.
This is Paris we're
talking about.
-We know we're talking about Paris?
-For real. You're going.
and I'm coming to visit.
Yeah. so am I.
I want to go to the
Chanel on Rue Cambon.
-It's Cambon.
-Cambon.
Holy shit. okay.
I'm going to Paris!
-Paris!
-I know!
Shh!
Jere. you're never
gonna believe it. but...
Hey.
What's wrong? Are you sick?
No. I'm not sick. I'm just a fucking
idiot. and I'm not graduating.
Not graduating?
What do you mean?
I went to go get my cap and gown.
and my name wasn't on the list.
Yeah. well. must be
a mistake. right?
Nope. It turns out
that I needed to take
some extra core classes
when I switched my major.
and the ones I took
before... don't count.
Ugh. shit. I'm so sorry. Jere.
I can't believe I'm gonna be a
super-senior taking freshman classes.
-It's so embarrassing.
-Hey.
there's nothing to
be embarrassed about.
Come here.
At least we'll get to spend
some more time together.
Yeah.
Well. what was the news
that you wanted to give me?
Oh. um...
Today I-I walked in
on Taylor and Davis...
post-coital.
Ugh. I mean. I didn't see
him. I just saw his pants.
and then Taylor got
all cagey and...
Oh. my God. I know
whose pants those are.
They're Steven's! I mean.
they're some stupid designer.
and he was preening at himself in
the mirror the last time I saw him.
Steven and Taylor
are hooking up again.
-I don't have the energy to be surprised.
-Yeah. but. I mean.
this time. Taylor has
Davis and Steven has Mia.
They've-they've never done the
cheating thing before. you know?
I don't feel like dissecting
their relationship right now.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. Right.
Well. do you want to go
get midnight waffles?
No. I just want to
be here with you.
Can we just cuddle?
Yeah.
-Mm.
-Mm-hmm.
I'm not going anywhere.
I love you. Belly.
I love you. too.
Hmm.
Mm.
Are you still here?
Yeah. I. uh...
I kept waiting for
your sisters to leave.
but then. uh. more
people kept showing up.
There was a lot of shouting.
Then I just fell asleep.
It was Settlers of Catan night.
Um...
They're all at the bar now. so
it should be safe to slip out.
Yeah. Okay.
Or I could stay the night.
We don't do sleepovers.
Yeah. Yeah. you're right.
Okay.
Then we won't sleep.
Mmm.
Thanks.
-There you are.
-Hey. Agnes.
Are you studying? You know
the year's over. right?
Yeah.
It's a paper
Dr. Namazy published
last spring on
critical care strategy.
I wanted to be prepared since
we're in the final round.
I don't know if that's your speed
or if that's a me thing or...
Yeah. um. about that.
-Uh...
-Did they announce who got it?
They did.
Me.
-Dude.
-Yeah.
-Congratulations.
-Thank you. Thank you.
-You deserve it.
-Thanks.
Um. oh. and you.
-We're both in.
-That was so messed up.
-I'm sorry. I had to. I had to.
-That's so messed up.
-Congratulations.
-Ah.
-Drinks tomorrow night to celebrate?
-Obviously.
-Absolutely.
And they moved up the
start date to this week.
-To this week?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay. Great.
-What?
-Do you think
Dr. Namazy would give me a few
days off if I asked her for it?
Conrad. what are
you talking about?
-We worked months for this.
-No. I know.
Uh. I-I just have. like.
a family thing coming up.
I mean. you could ask.
Namazy's notorious for firing
someone day one. but sure.
why not piss her off
before you even start?
No.
No. This job is my priority.
Duh. Hey. let me see that.
All right.
Good morning.
Hot Pocket?
Coffee.
Wait. did you go to the kitchen?
-Yeah.
-Did someone see you?
Uh. I mean. I don't think so.
I mean. the place is
weirdly empty. you know?
-It is?
-Mm-hmm.
Oh. shitty shit. Shit.
-What time is it?
-I don't know. like. 10:00. 10:15?
I was supposed to be
up. like. an hour ago.
Chill. It's Saturday.
Yeah. it's the last
Saturday before finals.
Okay. you say that like I have any
idea what you're talking about.
Finals Freakout. Hello?
It's a Greek thing.
I do it every year.
It's like the Olympics
but with binge drinking.
I don't think I
will ever get over
"Taylor Jewel. sorority girl."
You know. like.
Jere I get. Um...
Man was born to be in a
frat. I mean. look at him.
But... but you.
I rushed so that I could make
connections for my future. dummy.
It's no different than your
little Princeton eating club.
Whoa!
Personal attack. Relax.
-Is that Mia?
-Uh...
Uh. yeah.
Cute.
-I should. uh. I should go.
-So go.
-Want to do this again tonight?
-Twice in a row?
No. It's bad enough
that you slept over.
Hey. hey. come on.
-I got to go.
-No. no. no.
Come here.
Have a good day. Tay Tay.
Conrad. Finally.
Hey. Laur.
Uh. sorry. it's been. it's
been kind of busy here.
Um. which is. uh. kind of what
I wanted to talk to you about.
I got that summer clinic job
that I was telling you about.
-Oh. Connie. that's amazing.
-Yeah.
The thing is. it
starts right away.
and I'm not sure if they're
gonna give me any time off.
So that would mean...
The dedication.
It's okay if you
can't make it work.
Really.
Okay. I just don't want
to let anyone down.
You're not. We all know how
much you want to be there.
Your mom would be so proud
of you. I hope you know that.
Thanks. Laur.
But. Connie. Jere thinks you're making
that speech together. so if you think
it's not gonna happen. you
should give him a heads-up.
For sure.
Yeah. I'll give him a call.
Okay.
♪ Baby. move your
hip. don't break it ♪
♪ We don't come for
the spot. we take it ♪
♪ Really running this
shit like Matrix ♪
♪ Got 'em mad. take a
look at their faces ♪
♪ All this ass. yeah.
I feel like Kim ♪
♪ Margarita got a bitch on ten ♪
♪ Trendsetter. yeah. we settin'
the trends. we up in this bitch ♪
♪ and we'll do it again...
-You ready?
-Yeah.
Okay. come here.
-No. please.
-Let me just put a little bit.
-Please don't.
-Please? Come on.
Good.
Come on. cheer up. You've been
looking forward to this all week.
I-I feel like everyone's
staring at me.
I-I feel like the loser
who's not graduating on time.
You are graduating. It's
just one more semester.
I mean. look. the sun is shining
and the Slip 'N Slide is...
slippery.
It's all your favorite
things that aren't...
boobs and abs.
You know me too well.
Okay. you ready for
the three-legged race?
The reigning champ.
You're right.
-It'll be great.
-You're right. You want to be my partner?
-Uh...
-Taylor.
Yeah.
-Tell her to play with us.
-Play with us.
I'm not Greek.
Well. as rush chair. I hereby
declare you an honorary Tri-Phi.
Davis.
Will you hand me a shirt?
Yeah. Got you. bae.
You feeling like a
winner today. Davis?
Oh. always. when I
got Tay by my side.
Dude. it's a bummer you
have to do another semester.
Yeah. dude. it's-it's bullshit.
But at least I get another
semester with my girl.
Wait. what about...
-Come on. everybody. let's do this!
-Ooh!
-Yeah. babe. you ready? Let's go.
-Ooh. That was good.
-All right. here we go. Come on.
-Okay.
-Catch up.
-♪ Five. six ♪
-Oh. they're beating us!
-♪ Five. six. seven. eight ♪
♪ H-O-T T-O G-O...
Two. three...
Yes. of course
I'm gonna do this.
We got it. we got it. Oh!
Up. up. up. up. up! Let's go.
One...
Yes. we got it.
♪ Take me hot to go ♪
♪ H-O-T T-O G-O ♪
♪ You can take me hot to go ♪
-Right hand. green.
-Got it.
Hey. Jere. it's-it's Conrad.
Oh. uh. can you answer it? Tell
him I'll be there in a sec.
Uh. sure.
Hello?
Belly?
-Hey.
Uh...
I-Is Jere there?
He's kind of in the
middle of something.
Uh. hang on. I can...
No. that's fine. honestly. uh. I'll just.
I'll just give him a call back. okay?
All right. Bye.
Okay. bye.
Hey. babe.
Guess who studied in
Paris last semester.
So. Belly just found out
that she got in and...
Oh. Can we just talk
for a second? Alone?
Oh. yeah. I was gonna
jump in the game.
Cool.
I haven't decided yet
about Paris. so can you
-just not tell anybody?
-My God. I knew it.
You can't just give
up on Paris. Belly.
No. I'm not. I'm not
giving it up. I just...
when I applied. I thought
that Jere would be graduated
and that I'd be all alone.
-Thanks a lot.
-Okay. you're always busy
with your sorority
or with Davis.
And you're always with
Jere. so whatever.
You know you would
give me so much shit
if I told you that I wasn't
going to New York this summer
just so I could stay here
and do bong hits with Davis.
Yeah. I know. but...
Babe. it's Paris.
Jere is rich. He can
fly over all the time.
And I'm coming at least once.
I'm already planning a
whole Parisian wardrobe.
-Okay.
Okay. yeah. I'll think about it.
Don't think about
it. Just do it.
No. I'll think about it.
♪ Pull up to the red
light. lookin' right ♪
♪ Come here. can I
get your name. girl? ♪
♪ Tell me where you're from.
what you do. what you like ♪
♪ Let me pick your brain. girl ♪
♪ And tell me how they got
that pretty little face ♪
♪ on that pretty
little frame. girl ♪
♪ But let me show you
round. let me take you out ♪
♪ Bet you we could
have some fun. girl ♪
♪ 'Cause we can do
it fast. fast. slow ♪
♪ whichever way you
wanna run. girl ♪
♪ But lеt me buy you
drinks. better yеt. rings...
Oh. shit. wait. Did you. um...
did you remember to
call your brother?
Uh. whoops. No. no. I-I didn't.
I'll-I'll call him after dinner.
I got to get on him
about the speech.
And I want to try to convince
him to come to Cousins
for the Fourth this year.
He owes me after bailing on
skiing over Christmas. so...
Oh. shit.
I texted my dad about the school
stuff. and he's probably pissed.
A text. Jere?
I know. I know.
You know what. it's
fine. It's fine.
He's gonna yell. and then
he'll get over it. right?
Yeah.
Hey. Dad. Uh. hey. listen. I
know you're probably not psyched
about the graduation
thing. but...
Not psyched?
No. Jere. I'm not psyched.
Dad. Dad. relax. it's
not that big of a deal.
-It's just gonna be...
-Relax? Really?
Did you just say that to me?
It was an honest
mistake. all right?
-I'm sorry.
-You know. it's never your fault.
And now I'm on the hook
for another 20K in tuition.
-I'll pay you back.
-How?
You gonna. uh. pick up some extra
lifeguard shifts at the club?
Dad. that's not fair.
Jere. do you think your brother would
ever let something like this happen?
No. we all know that
Conrad is perfect.
Just act like a fucking adult.
I was acting like an adult. I've
been acting like a fucking adult.
All right? I'm sorry if I want
to have a little fun at college.
You're 21.
Okay? Welcome to the real
world. It's not all about fun.
All right.
I will wire the money to
the school in the morning.
But. Jere. you're
paying me back for this.
I wish you didn't
have to hear that.
No. don't worry about it.
I-I can't do this
dinner right now.
Yeah. okay. Of course.
Yeah. let me just call Steven
and tell him that we can't go.
No. I-I think you should go.
I just...
I-I need some time
with my thoughts.
Okay.
Um... okay.
I'll just. I'll catch a ride with
Steven and-and meet you at the party?
Fuck. Right. Yeah. the party.
I love you.
I love you. too.
Okay.
I'll see you later?
I mean. he was such a dick.
Can you believe he compared
the two of them like that?
No. No. No. no. no. no. no.
Okay. look. you know I
love Jere. all right?
But Adam is stuck paying a
whole extra semester of tuition
because Jere didn't
bother to read an email.
I mean. I'd be pissed. too.
What?
Don't look at me
like that. all right?
You know Jere doesn't always have
his shit together. It bugs you. too.
-It does not.
-Come on.
Okay. uh. what about... Cabo?
He forgot to tell you about the spring
break trip until the last minute.
-You guys broke up over that.
-No.
No. no. we did not break
up. We had a fight.
-Sure. sure. Mm-hmm.
-We had a fight.
Does the little stuff
bother me sometimes?
Sure. Like his
seasonal allergies
and the fact that he leaves
his snotty tissues everywhere.
And do I wish that he
didn't smoke so much weed?
Yeah. but none of that
stuff actually matters
because we've been through
the real stuff together.
And no offense. but you just
don't know what it's like
to really be with somebody.
Uh. I'm with Mia.
I saw your pants. dumb-ass.
-What's wrong with my pants?
-No.
I saw them...
I saw your pants
in Taylor's room.
I know you guys
are... whatever-ing.
And don't bother lying.
'cause you're a terrible liar.
I am not a... I am...
Okay. yeah. fine. Um...
Yeah. those-those-those
were my pants.
You know. the last time you two
flamed out. she made me promise
that if she were ever tempted
to get back together with you.
that I would have to put her
on an involuntary psych hold.
-And you said to me...
-I remember. I remember. I remember.
I remember. I...
It's not like we-we-we
meant to. okay?
It just... it just happened.
How?
We ran into each
other in New York
when she was interviewing
for her internship.
Steven. that was two months ago.
You've been cheating
on Mia this whole time?
Yes.
And I feel like an asshole.
It's just. Taylor and I
have never not been single
when we've hooked up.
You know. and-and-and
Mia's great.
I mean. Mia's so great.
She really is. she's just...
she's just not. um...
Taylor?
So. what are you gonna do?
I don't know. I don't... I mean.
it has to mean
something. though.
Right? That we keep
coming back to each other.
that it feels like
it's never really over?
Yeah. okay. So. what
does Taylor think?
I...
haven't had the
nerve to ask her yet.
You know that you can't keep
stringing Mia along like this.
no matter what
happens with Taylor.
I know. I know.
You're right.
-Thank you.
-Okay.
Now. can we go back to you and Jere and
whatever it is that's making you guys.
ugh. so extra about this?
I got into
the study-abroad program
in Paris for next year.
What?
Belly. that... that's amazing.
What? Congratulations.
What-what's wrong? I mean.
does Jere not want you to go?
Mm. Jere doesn't
know that I got in.
-You hypocrite. Belly.
-No.
-No. no. no. no. no.
-Yes. No. you blamed me.
-and then you don't tell him.
-No! Just. I feel like...
I feel like I'd be
abandoning him. you know?
So. what. you're gonna abandon
your own dreams of going to Paris?
No. no. I just. I swore the year that
everything happened with Susannah
that I would always
be there for him.
Okay. yes.
Yes. absolutely. Okay?
But Jere repeating a semester isn't
on the same level as losing Susannah.
Right? Plus.
if you don't tell
Jere about Paris.
you're not giving him the
opportunity to step up.
you know. and show you what
he's capable of handling.
Kind of makes you
just as bad as Adam.
Wow. Harsh.
Yeah. that's what I'm here for.
No. get your hand
out of my face.
God forbid I try to
show a little love.
♪ Find a reason
to live or find...
Hey. man. Uh. sorry I
forgot to call you back.
Oh. no worries. dude.
I. uh. I just wanted to call
you and talk about Mom's thing
and the... the speech and all.
Yeah. yeah. right. Um...
hey. I'm not really up for working
on that right now. so. uh...
Actually. do you mind
just writing it yourself?
You'd probably do a better
job than me anyways.
What's going on?
My major changed up the
requirements to graduate.
so. um. I'm just... I'm stuck
here for another semester.
and Dad's being a freaking dick
about it. so it's just whatever.
That sucks.
-I'm sorry.
-Yeah.
It's not that big of
a deal. though. right?
I mean. lots of people take
an extra semester to graduate.
Not people like you. Connie.
He made that one really clear.
Screw him. You know how he is.
I just wish I didn't
have to put up
with his shit at the dedication.
I want to be thinking about Mom
and not how much I want
to punch him in the nuts.
Trust me. Jere. it's very possible to do
both of those things at the same time.
Yeah.
I miss you.
Uh. I feel like Thanksgiving
was a million years ago.
Uh. hey. can you... can
you hold on a second?
Uh. Redbird is on
the other line.
Yeah. You know what.
dude? Just take it.
Uh. we will talk later. okay?
Okay. yeah. Sounds good.
-Bye.
-See you. man.
♪ Ooh. got that
nani. nani. nani ♪
♪ How she walk through
swinging that body...
-Mother.
-Hey. Taytie Tot.
What are you doing?
Ooh. where are you going?
Um. I have a thing
at Davis's frat.
Why are you home on
a Saturday night?
-What's wrong?
-Nothing.
Where's Scott? I swear to God.
if that man does you dirty
again. I will personally...
Stop. Nothing's wrong.
-He went to Rudy's.
-Okay.
You should do a smoky eye.
Oh. I love you with a smoky eye.
Mom. it's kind of... dated.
You're so mean to me.
Is that Steven's sweatshirt?
I thought you got rid of that
the last time you two broke up.
It's soft.
Oh. my God. You guys are
back together. aren't you?
What? No. What are
you talking about?
Wait. I thought that
he was still dating...
Oh. Oh. my God. what's her
name? What's her name? Gia.
-Yeah. Mia.
-Babe?
Tell me you're not
the side chick.
God. stop being dramatic.
It's barely even a thing.
Okay.
but remember this:
Once you've downgraded yourself.
there is no going back up.
and then you're just a ho.
Excuse you. Who says that?
I'm trying to help
you right now.
Okay. well. don't.
And keep your '90s-ass
advice to yourself.
because. by your definition.
me and Steven are both hos.
-Okay?
-I'm not saying you're a ho.
I'm just saying that
it's ho behavior.
-Uh. Mom. I got to go.
-Wait. wait. wait.
What are you doing here. dummy?
I. uh. I dropped Belly
off after our dinner.
I told you I have plans tonight.
I know. Just wanted to see
your face before I headed back.
Well. here you go. Happy?
Eh.
Happy now?
Hi.
Hi. beautiful.
I brought you your favorite.
Free bread sticks. with sauce.
You are so good to me.
I'm sorry about dinner.
What did I miss?
Well. I mean. we actually
kind of just talked about
what's been going on with me.
What-what's. what's
going on with you?
Come-come here. sit.
Well. um. do you remember
that study-abroad program
that I got wait-listed for?
-Yeah. Paris.
-Yeah.
Uh. so. I just found out
that I got off the wait list.
Wh-What? When?
Yesterday.
I was gonna tell you earlier.
-but I just...
-But then I fucked it up
with the whole graduation thing.
No. no. I-I just. I
didn't want to dump it
-on you and...
-Hey. hey.
This is amazing. You...
Y-You've wanted this so bad.
We should celebrate.
Yeah. but I-I don't even
know if I'm gonna go.
I mean. what if I
said I-I'd rather
maybe stay here with you?
Then I'd say you're an idiot.
Jere.
Hey. You know I want
this for you. right?
All day long. I've
been thinking.
you know. about how I don't
want to leave you all alone.
But maybe I just don't
want to be alone.
-Mm.
-You know. Paris is so far away
and I won't know anybody. and
I mean. what if I hate it?
Okay.
But what if you love it?
Come on. Bells.
Will I miss you? Oh. like crazy.
But-but Paris is your dream.
And I want all of your dreams to
come true because you deserve it.
And will I visit?
You bet.
And we'll drink wine and
we'll eat steak frites
-and I'll make you try escargot.
-Mm-mm.
-You're gonna love it.
-Nope.
I will never. ever love snails.
But I love you.
So you're going?
-I'm going. Yeah!
-Yes!
Whoo!
Should we just skip this
thing and go back to my room?
Hmm?
You're not getting
out of it that easy.
-Come on.
-Okay.
-Come on. Let's go. beautiful.
-Here you go.
-Yes.
-Time to celebrate. Hop on.
-All right.
Uh...
♪ I'm vanilla. baby ♪
♪ I'll choke you. but I
ain't no killer. baby ♪
It's time to party.
♪ She 28. telling me
I'm still a baby ♪
♪ I get love from Detroit
like Skilla Baby...
What?
-What are we doing with this...
-Look at you.
Hey.
Congrats on second place today.
-Oh. thank you.
-I'm Belly. by the way.
Oh. yeah. I know.
I'm Lacie Barone.
-Cool. -Come on. Bells.
-Hey. Jere.
Hi. Lacie. Hi.
Uh. less talking. more
celebrating. Come on.
What are we celebrating?
I got into the Paris
study-abroad program.
Oh. right.
I had the best time there.
There's this little bakery
right by the dorms that I loved.
Oh. yeah? What's it called?
Hey. let's go get
a drink. Come on.
Let's go.
♪ I'm vanilla. baby.
I'll choke you ♪
♪ but I ain't no killer. baby ♪
♪ She 28. telling me
I'm still a baby ♪
♪ I get love from Detroit
like Skilla Baby ♪
♪ And the thing
about your boy is ♪
♪ I don't like no whips and
chains and you can't tie me ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ and I need you ♪
♪ Belly. I love you ♪
♪ I do ♪
♪ need you ♪
♪ No matter what I do.
all I think about...
Hey. don't ever cut
your hair. okay?
I have to. I'd
look like a witch.
♪ Boy. you know I'm
crazy over you...
I like you witchy.
Okay. I will grow
my hair forever
if you stop threatening
to grow a beard.
Hmm? I like you smooth.
♪ East Coast. I know
you shaking right ♪
♪ Down South. I know
you bouncing right ♪
♪ West Coast. I know
you walking right ♪
-♪ You don't know what you mean to me ♪
-♪ Midwest. I see you swinging right ♪
♪ East Coast. you
still shaking right...
To global domination.
And. you know.
medicine. Obviously.
Can you at least
pretend to be happy?
I'm sorry. it's been...
a long day.
Well. there's ample distraction.
I mean. Elena definitely
wants to get it wet. so...
Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
Please don't say that.
And I'm not very good
at relationships.
You of all people
should know that one.
Okay. who said anything about
a relationship. first of all?
And yeah. you were clear from the
get-go that you weren't looking for one.
I was the one who
pressed the issue.
Anyway. ancient history.
To... friendship.
And pushing each
other to greatness.
Have you ever been in love?
-Have you?
-I asked you first.
Okay.
Then yes.
How many times?
Once.
Like. how in love? On
a scale of one to ten.
You can't put being
in love on a scale.
-Either you are or you aren't.
-Okay. but if you had to.
Ten.
Impressive.
Thanks.
So. how did you meet?
Um...
we never really met.
I just always knew her.
So when did you know
it was love. then?
Just...
It wasn't one
moment. It was...
You know when you're
still half asleep.
and you don't even
realize that you're awake
until there's one moment
when you just are?
-Mm-hmm?
-It's like that.
Like one day. I just...
Woke up.
Gotcha.
So. what was her name?
-What. you can't even say it?
-Mm-mm.
Come on.
Belly.
Wait. like. your
brother's girlfriend?
Have you just been. like. pining
after her this whole time?
-She was my girlfriend first.
-Wait. she dumped you for him?
Bitch. What?
No. no. No. no. no. no. I...
I was a shitty boyfriend.
We... broke up at prom.
Wait. you broke up
with her at prom?
Technically. she
broke up with me.
but. um. yeah. I basically
teed it up for her.
Seriously? Oh. my God. you
did that thing that guys do
when they're too chickenshit
to break up with a girl.
so they. like. act like a dick
until she does it for him?
Ugh. no. God.
So. what. is it. like.
super awkward now or...
I barely ever see them
together. I mean. I see Jere...
Okay. but like. when you do?
♪ The one that I call "baby" ♪
♪ You can kiss a hundred boys...
I remember the first time
that we were all together.
they tried to downplay
it for my sake.
But I could just tell
that they were so happy.
And so. I had to be happy. too.
From that moment. I-I...
I-I-I knew that...
I couldn't be alone with her.
I wouldn't be able
to keep it in.
♪ You'd have to stop the world
just to stop the feeling...
Keep what in?
That I...
...l-loved her.
♪ Just to stop the feeling ♪
When we were together.
I never said the words.
and now...
I don't know.
Um...
I got to go.
Okay.
I got it. I got it.
-You sure?
-Mm-hmm.
-Get home safe.
-Yeah. you. too.
Hey. it's Jeremiah.
Leave a message.
Hey. Jere. uh. look. I...
am not gonna be able
to make the dedication.
I got this job. and
it starts real soon.
and it's a pretty big deal.
So. uh...
I'm really sorry.
But if you need help with
the speech or anything.
you let me know. I'm here.
But I know you'll
do great. so...
Yeah. All right. Bye.
♪ I like the way you kiss me...
Just a sec.
He does look really
hot tonight. right?
Jeremiah always looks hot.
I'm so jealous you got
to hook up with him.
Well. what happens in
Cabo stays in Cabo.
Oh. shit.
-Excuse me.
-Hey.
♪ I'm on the case ♪
♪ You take the heat
and with such grace ♪
♪ You say we're done.
but here you stay ♪
♪ Said you're scared
I'll let you down ♪
♪ Stick around and
you'll find out...
Jere. We need to talk.
-Now.
-What's-what's going on?
Did you hook up with Lacie
Barone during spring break?
-Belly.
-Oh. my God. Jere. Oh my God.
-Belly. I can explain.
-Oh. my God.
-No. no. no. Get away from me.
-Belly. please. let me explain.
Belly. please. Belly. wait.
Belly. please. Let me
explain to you. please...
Okay. explain.
It happened when
we were on a break.
Wh-When we were broken up.
You knew that we weren't really
broken up. that that wasn't real.
How was I supposed to know
that? It was real for me.
Well. if I knew it. then
you should have known it.
I didn't mean for
this to happen.
And it was a mistake.
-A mistake?
-Yes.
Like. what. like you tripped and
you fell on top of her naked?
I think I'm...
Don't touch me.
What did you do?
I want to know exactly.
what did you do?
I want to know what you did.
-We had sex.
-Fuck you.
Look. it didn't
mean anything to me.
-I swear. I swear to you.
-It means something to me.
Okay? You know
that I've only ever been
with one other person.
♪ Stop...
Yeah. I know.
You ruined everything.
I'll never trust you again.
Bells. please don't say
that. I love you so much.
It's always been
you. Bells. please.
We can't get it back. Whatever...
whatever we were. it's gone.
-We lost it. We lost it tonight.
-No. we can... Yes. we can.
-We can get it back.
-No. we can't. No. I...
I don't even know
who you are anymore.
Belly. wait.
♪ 'Cause you're losin' me ♪
-♪ Stop ♪
♪ 'cause you're losin' me ♪
♪ My heart won't start anymore ♪
♪ 'Cause you're losin' me ♪
-♪ My heart won't start anymore ♪
-♪ Stop. 'cause you're losin' me ♪
♪ How long could
we be a sad song ♪
♪ till we were too far gone
to bring back to life? ♪
♪ I gave you all my best me's ♪
♪ my endless empathy ♪
♪ and all I did was
bleed as I tried ♪
♪ to be the bravest soldier ♪
♪ fighting in only your army ♪
♪ Front lines. don't
you ignore me ♪
-♪ I'm the best thing at this party ♪
-♪ You're losin' me ♪
♪ And I wouldn't
marry me. either ♪
♪ A pathological
people pleaser ♪
♪ who only wanted
you to see her ♪
♪ And I'm fadin'. thinkin' ♪
♪ Do something.
babe. say something ♪
♪ Say something ♪
♪ Lose something.
babe. risk something ♪
♪ You're losin' me ♪
♪ Choose something.
babe. I got nothing ♪
-♪ I got nothing ♪
-♪ to believe ♪
♪ unless you're choosin' me ♪
♪ You're losin' me ♪
-♪ Stop ♪
-♪ Stop. stop ♪
♪ You're losin' me ♪
-♪ Stop ♪
-♪ Stop. stop ♪
♪ You're losin' me ♪
♪ I can't find a pulse ♪
♪ My heart won't start anymore ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org